📖clusterctl based quick-start (#2590)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/developer/providers/v1alpha2-to-v1alpha3.md

> NOTE: To enable experimental features users are required to set the same `--feature-gates` flag across providers.
> For example, if you want to enable MachinePool, you'll have to enable in both Cluster API deployment and the Kubeadm Bootstrap Provider.
> In the future, we'll revisit this user experience and provide a centralized way to configure gates across all Cluster API (inc. providers) controllers.

## clusterctl

`clusterctl` is now bundled with Cluster API, provider-agnostic and can be reused across providers. 

> The tools is the recommended way to setup a management cluster and it implements best practices for avoiding mis-configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is the recommended way to setup a management cluster and implements best practices to avoid common mis-configurations
```

Reviewer 2: I think leaving "and it implements" reads more cleanly

> and for managing the provider life-cycle, e.g. upgrades.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and for managing the life-cycle of deployed providers, e.g. upgrades.
```
